2017, bruh
(Yee)
I promise you, bruh
You're listening to blonde
American love, American me, American you
American tear, American heartbreak, oh, oh, oh
I took a walk with the palm trees as the daylight fell
Sangria in a canteen, talking to myself (I can't remember)
This tattoo on my left hand is turning purple-ish blue
Daydreams of the romance, daydreams of you
My pretty woman in a ballgown, I'm Richard Gere in a tux
Getting married in a courthouse, writing vows in a rush
Making out before the judge with my teenage wife
Got a wedding band done that I just might die with
It's an American wedding
They don't mean too much, but we were so in love
We had an American wedding
Now what's mine is yours, that's American law
M-R-S dot Kennedy, she signed her name in pen
In a fancy, fancy cursive, then turned her term papers in
A thesis on Islamic virgin brides and arranged marriage
Hijabs and polygamist husbands, those poor un-American girls
After school she ran to me, jumped in my 5.0
This is the home of the brave, land of the free
But your parents still didn't know
She said, "I've had a hell of a summer
So, baby, don't take this hard
But maybe we should get an annulment
Before this goes way too far"
It's just an American wedding
They don't mean too much, they don't last enough
We had an American wedding
Now what's mine is yours, American divorce
Well, you can have my Mustang, that's all I've got in my name
But Jesus Christ, don't break my heart
This wedding ring won't ever wipe off
But if you stay, oh, if you stay
You'll probably leave later anyway, it's love made in the USA
Don't let 'em front you to saying you can't move
Without 'em, fuck 'em, I tell 'em this ain't new
We been some hustlers since it began, dude
Ain't gon' be tripping over some bitch-ass, dude
They so vain, I tell 'em this ain't you
You can get sensitive but the shit ain't true
These niggas can't do nothing that I can't do
That she can't do, that he can't do
That you can't do, that we can't do
Man, I had a dream and then the shit came true
And nigga, if I did it, I think you can too
These niggas can't do nothing that I can't do
That she can't do, that he can't do
That you can't do, that we can't do
Man, I had a dream and then the shit came true
These niggas can't do nothing that I can't do
That she can't do, that he can't do, that you can't do
Oh, girl you blow my mind everytime that we're alone
Girl, let's do something new, baby tell me where you wanna go
So much opportunity, so many possibilities
I know when we be sexing cause you'll never know where we be sexing girl
I can't wait til you get off so I can put it on you
I've been thinking about you all day
You got that kind of love make a nigga wanna spend it on you
She ain't like them other girls, she ain't like them other girls
We be all up on the couch, we be all up on my dresser
We be all up in my bad, lil shorty ain't scared
We just do it anywhere..
In the backseat of my car, I know she don't mind
All up in your office, putting in that overtime
We just do it anywhere..
The love glows, I know the love glows
Oh I know the love glows, I know the love glows
Yeah
If we colored our white walls pitch black
Turn all the lights off and lay back
We can make love with our bare hands
We can make light out of thin air
Or we can close our eyes and sleep well
Dreams feel realer than right now
But whatever you do don’t let go
My only nightmare is waking up alone
In a world where you’re not mine
And the room painted off white
Running out in the daylight, tryna get back to you
When I stare into your eyes, I see my real life
That’s why I never sleep with my back to you
When I lay down, facing you
I can feel my eyelids glow (I never sleep with my back to you)
And if the sun rises, (back to you) behind you
I don’t think I’d notice though
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you, back to you
Laying under the covers that I stole
From your side of the bed cause I got cold
You rolled over and whispered ro-robbery
So you been sleeping with a thief in your bed
Stole your heart and your pillows
Whatever you do just don’t go
Baby, the worst jail is
Waking up alone in a world where you’re not mine
In a room painted off white
Running out in the daylight, tryna get back to you
When I’m looking in you eyes, I see my real life
So I never sleep with my back to you
When I lay down, facing you
I can feel my eyelids glow (I never sleep with my back to you)
And if the sun rises, (back to you) behind you
I don’t think I’d notice though
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you, back to you
Like a nightlight
Like a teddy bear
Like a toddler’s blanket
Look at us baby, two grownups acting like children
Ooooooo, yeah
When I lay down, facing you
I can feel my eyelids glow (I never sleep with my back to you)
And if the sun rises, (back to you) behind you
I don’t think I’d notice though
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you, back to you
When I lay down, facing you
I can feel my eyelids glow (I never sleep with my back to you)
And if the sun rises, (back to you) behind you
I don’t think I’d notice though
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you
I never sleep with my back to you, back to you, back to you
My pillows ain't giving no comfort
And the fan is blowing way too loud
Even my heartbeat wakes me up
And I can't drown it out
Cause my eyelids ain't heavy enough
And there ain't enough sheep on my ceiling to count
Ain’t slept a wink since you left me
No inspiration to dream, baby
You're my bedtime story
Bedtime but I can't sleep
No bedtime story, bedtime story, oh
I never really liked this apartment, no
There's not enough windows
That ain't the reason you left
I did that by myself
But I wish you'd come back before the sun comes up again
Cause my eyelids ain't heavy enough
And there ain't enough sheep on my ceiling to count
Ain’t slept a wink since you left me
No inspiration to dream, baby
You're my bedtime story
Bedtime but I can't sleep
No bedtime story, bedtime story, oh
You gotta let me read just a page of you baby
You gotta help me sleep this ain't healthy, no way
Where's my bedtime story
Just three words to my bedtime story, bedtime story oh
Every time I lay my head down
Baby I, baby I, baby I'm thinking of you
Baby I-I'm thinking of you
Every time I lay my head down
Baby I, baby I, baby I'm thinking of you
Baby I-I'm thinking of you
Ain’t slept a wink since you left me
No inspiration to dream, baby
You're my bedtime story
Bedtime but I can't sleep
No bedtime story, bedtime story, oh
You gotta let me read just a page of you baby
You gotta help me sleep this ain't healthy, no way
Where's my bedtime story
Just three words to my bedtime story, bedtime story oh
I love you, I love you
Mafia
The love, the love is bigger
The love, the love is bigger
The love, the love is bigger, big
Gotta believe in me (Gotta believe in me)
Believe me like a fairy tale
Your tooth under your pillowcase
No, I won't, I won't, ever, ever let you down
Like a seesaw let you down
You know why?
Cause we ain't on the playground no more, baby
We're big enough to stand in the picture
We're big enough to stand next to love
I was a player when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
A heartbreaker when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
And all the haters, I swear, they look so small from up here
Cause we bigger, our love's bigger
I'm bigger, you bigger, woah
Remember when my heart was young?
It was still bigger than me
Is that the reason that you stayed?
Most would've got rid of me
Now the bullies in the schoolyard can't take our hugs and our kisses from us
Because we ain't pushovers, no more, baby
We're big enough to stand in the picture
We're big enough to stand next to love
I was a player when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
A heartbreaker when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
And all the haters, I swear, they look so small from up here
Cause we bigger, our love's bigger
I'm bigger, you bigger
I was a player when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
A heartbreaker when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
And all the haters, I swear, they look so small from up here
Cause we bigger, our love's bigger
I'm bigger, you bigger, woah
Remember those stone washed jeans (I remember that)
Don't knock your earrings (Like yesterday)
They shined on me (We were little then)
In class daydreaming of you (My babe, wow, just a little love getting bigger)
You, wow wow
Since then all I can remember is the love's only gotten bigger
I think, it's gone out of control
I was a player when I was little (Just a little bigger, hahaha)
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
A heartbreaker when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
And all the haters, I swear, they look so small from up here
Cause we bigger, our love's bigger
I'm bigger, you bigger
I was a player when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
A heartbreaker when I was little
But I'm bigger, I'm bigger
And all the haters, I swear, they look so small from up here
Cause we bigger, our love's bigger
I'm bigger, you bigger, woah
Stop! Stop! Stooooop! Let me do it!
(Fine)
No you always play what you want to play. I want to play
You don't got no Jodeci or something?
All you bitches want is Jodeci, what the fuck?
What is a Radiohead anyway?
Whatever
My guy pretty like a girl
And he got fight stories to tell
I see both sides like Chanel
See on both sides like Chanel
Swimmin' laps through pool water
Heated like I'm underworld
Hide my tattoos in Shibuya
Police think I'm of the underworld
12 treat a nigga like he twelve
How you lookin' up to me and talkin' down? (Yeah)
Can't you see I am the big man? (Big man)
God level, I am the I am (Woah)
Now film it with that drone cam,
in the pink like Killa Cam
Put a zoom on that stick, Noé, up so close I'm on that kill
Remote controller on your lower back,
 yes, the good
Dick could roll the eyes back in the skull
Rollin' when you ride, poppin'
Rollin' when you ride, 
ride the Rodman
Got one that's straight actin'
Turnt out like some dirty plastic (Ride)
2016: burnt some discs (Dope)
2017: ideas playin' off a Walkman
This a cult, not a clique on the net
With a cup in a cup, Actavis
That's a double edge, "issa knife" (Knife)
And I don't like to fight 'til I'm fightin' (Fightin')
Revenge in the air makes my lungs sick
Chopper in the sky like a gun trick (Pow)
Clips on clips like Mikey (Hello)
It's really all
I see both sides like Chanel
See on both sides like Chanel
It's really you on my mind
It's really you on my mind
It's really you
It's really you on my mind
V both sides of the 12
Steam both sides of the L
Freeze smoke rings and they hail
Sleet snow grind for the wealth
Whole team diamonds is real
Showed 'em how to shine by theirselves
You need a cosign for your health
I need that bitch to grind on my belt
I know you need to try for my belt
I know you seen it drivin' itself
No matte black on the ride 'cause it's stale
But it's stealth
I see both sides like Chanel
I see both sides like Chanel
My pockets snug, they can't hold my 7
They banned my Visa, my Amex and Mastercards
I got new money, and it's all cash
I got new bags, and they all collabs
I rubber band a bunch of thousand-dollar Delta gift cards
(I mean my baby bi)
Amazing, the cash online unknown
(I mean my baby bi)
Blazin' the dash, countin' money at home
My pockets snug, they can't hold my 7
They banned my Visa, my Amex and Mastercards
I got new money, and it's all cash
I got new bags, and they all collabs
I rubber band a bunch of thousand-dollar Delta gift cards
(I mean my baby bi)
Amazing, the cash online unknown
(I mean my baby bi)
Blazin' the dash, countin' money at home
I’ll be honest
I wasn’t devastated
But you could’ve
Held my hands through it baby
Let my mind
Run underneath warms jets, jet-jets
I run my hands through what’s left
But we’re getting older baby
Don’t have much longer baby
Why am I preaching
To this choir, to this atheist?
But just like mine
Versions of these belong to you
And after a while
They're keeping me close to you
And that is why
I never can say goodbye, oh no no I
Never can say goodbye
Even though the pain and heartache seems to
Follow me wherever I go
Try to hide the feelings but they
Always seem to show
You say "Turn around you fool
You know I love you more and more"
Tell me why is it so
I don't wanna let you go
I never can say goodbye, no no no no no I
Never can say goodbye, ooh yeah yes
I never can say goodbye, no no no
I never can say goodbye, no
No no no no no
Never can, never, never can say, nev-nev-never can say
Never can say goodbye
No
You don't know how little you matter until you're all alone
In the middle of Arkansas with a little rock left in that glass dick
Used to date a blonde, you used to hit it raw
Cause she was and you are madly involved, madly involved
Hittin' stones in glass homes
You're smokin' stones in abandoned homes
You hit them stones and broke your home
Crack rock, crack rock
Crack rock, crack rock
Hittin' stones in glass homes
You're smokin' stones in abandoned homes
You hit them stones and broke your home
Crack rock, crack rock
Crack rock, crack rock
You're shuckin' and jivin', stealin' and robbin'
To get the fixing that you're itching for
Your family stopped inviting you to things
Won't let you hold their infant
You used to to get a little cut-up from time to time
But the freaks ain't trying to sleep with cracky
Hittin' stones in glass homes
You're smokin' stones in abandoned homes
You hit them stones and you broke your home
Crack rock
Crack rock, crack rock
Crooked cop, dead cop
How much dope can you push to me?
Crooked cop, dead cop
No good for community
Fuckin' pig get shot, three hundred men will search for me
My brother get popped and don't no one hear the sound
Don't no one hear the rounds (Sound)
Don't no one hear the shells (Shells)
Don't no one hear a sound
Don't no one disturb the peace for riot
Don't no one disrupt nirvana
Don't no one wanna blow the high
Crack rock, crack rock, crack rock
How you feeling, girl?
How's the gutter doing?
Crack rock
It's 12:07 and I'm thinking 'bout him (thinking 'bout him)
8 minutes ago it was all okay, yeah
I wish the year was just missing one day
I'm wishing I could forget it
Cos it's still so hard to live with it
I'm humming to the song playing in my head when I first met you
And I'm looking through the pictures in the shoebox under my bed
And I swear, every conversation that I have
Someone brings up your name, just this one day I don't know
Maybe if I board a plane, I could be at the sunrise
Better yet grab a hammer and start breaking the clocks (those damn clocks)
No, I don't wanna think about him
I don't wanna dream about him
I don't wanna talk about him
I don't wanna call him
This day doesn't even exist
I keep praying that it won't exist no more
Click-clicking my heels wishing away the day
Wish it could have been Tuesday, just not today
Could have been Wednesday, just not today, day
I'm clicking my heels wishing away the day
Wishing the day go away, day go away, today go away
It's 6:47 still thinking 'bout him (thinking 'bout him)
Walking on 42nd tryna' clear my brain (no, oh)
He packed his luggage and he left, but some of it still remains
So for 24 hours I'll been sitting here staring at his baggage in my space
I'm humming to the song playing in my head when I first met you
And I'm looking through the pictures in the shoebox under my bed
And I swear, every conversation that I have
Someone brings up your name, just this one day I don't know
Maybe if I board a plane, I could be at the sunrise
Better yet grab a hammer and start breaking the clocks (those damn clocks)
No, I don't wanna think about him
I don't wanna dream about him
I don't wanna talk about him
I don't wanna call him
This day doesn't even exist
I keep praying that it won't exist no more
Click-clicking my heels wishing away the day
Wish it could have been Tuesday, just not today
Could have been Wednesday, just not today, day
I'm clicking my heels wishing away the day
Wishing the day go away, day go away, today go away
See I don't even wanna think about him
Or dream about him
Even just one day is one too long
There ain't no sense in bringing it up or bringing memory round
Cause ain't no getting back the love is gone
I won't be crying no more no water will fall
The storm has passed and gone
And I wish amnesia would stay
I don't wanna remember, not even for just one day
Click-clicking my heels wishing away the day
Wish it could have been Tuesday, just not today
Could have been Wednesday, just not today, day
I'm clicking my heels wishing away the day
Wishing the day go away, day go away, today go away
Fuck. that was hard to write. dec. 27th
Love that I
Love that I give
That is not love that I get from you
Love that I
Love that I give
That is not love that I get from you
Look at them shakes
Made up a dance
How come you shook
When I ain't took out my hands
Beans
Starbucks
Star struck
Coming soon
Because you suck
That's coming soon
Get off my dick
Toting the amazon
She like 6 five
Shit like 6 five
Tape like rewind
Now rewind
Ooh ooh baby be mine
Ooh ooh baby be mine
Just got a pack
Came from the DHL
Just got up w a pack
I gotta pack
Came from the DHL
Just got up w a pack
Niggas think it’s new it ain't new
Old files just turned two yea it flew yea
Still sound like it's coming soon
Coming soon
Still sound like it's coming soon
Tell the truth
Boy toy suck me like a Hoover
Like a Hoover
Boy toy ride me like a Uber
Like the Uber
Smiley face
Factory case ain't buss it down yet
I left it
I forgave they violations
Ain't seen em around yet
To test it
Wavey pool
Sit behind the pool
I'm tellin the truth bro
Remind me of trade
Brushing his waves shit look like
Ramen noodles
Fuck this shit sound like it's coming soon
Coming soon bro
And it still sound like it's coming soon
New files sitting on my drive
Nothing new yea
New fobs and I can't get down
What to do yea
New fobs really can't get down to the pool yea
New gliss sitting on a cyst on my wrist
New bitch riding on my dick like a kit yea
All of them days when I paid for the studio
Rate instead of the rent yea
Now I could hang in this bitch everyday
Wait for some inspiration to hit me
Look like I'm dressed for a hike
But I really look like I'm in Paris and shit yea
Look like I'm dressed for a camp cause I'm pitching a bag like I’m pitching a tent yea
This ain't no fucking hopes and dreams
It's prophecy
Hardly sleep
Faith was in a coffee bean
Roman numerals
Niggas pouring up IV leagues
4's
Double D's exposed
Throw some beads
Fucking these hoes
Leave now my fucking flows stole
Screw me slow yes
Ooh he TX
XTC rollin
Look at my bag it's swollen
Rimowa I can't even fold it
I drop you a pin like I'm bowling
We moanin till not even morning
Breakfast and dinners is blending
We spent all that time alone
Alone watching the clouds roll
I gotta pack came from the DHL
Just got up w a pack
Independent jug
Selling records out the trunk
I'm already rich as fuck
So the products in the front
Got my patna in the front
Been my BF for a month but we been fucking from the jump
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
What's the solution now?
Don't you see I'm here for ya'
All your best interest are on my heart
I
just wanna grow wit'ya...
And never let the nature break us apart
The Well endowed took the earth and changed it
A thousand grapes in the middle never knew they were…?
Never shared any knowlege for confirmation, of their relation...Ohh Hallelujah!
Disillusioned !
Disillusioned,(yeah) ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
What's the solution now?
Can't you feel a thing child?
Can't you tell she's feeling so used
Said you should make your mind up
Since you know how to feels to be abused
It wasn't... the concept of nation...
To divide the one consciousness
Young and wild, taking spaceships
.....
Searching for a path out of delusion
Disillusioned!
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
What's the solution now?
We gon' drink 'til the DJ plays our song and then turn this mother fucker out
Turn it out. Right
We gon' drink til the DJ plays your song and then turn this block party out right right
Turn it out uh uh
You been waiting in this long ass line girl
Turn this club out right
You been waiting in this long ass line girl
Turn this bitch out, right?
You been waiting in this long ass line girl
Turn this mother fucker out
Turn it out
Uh !
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
Disillusioned, (uh) ooh ooh
Disillusioned, ooh ooh
What's the illusion now?
Badabadamamama
Something is wrong -
I don't really have a dick in my ass
Even joking about it, that something is wrong. Is that what you're saying you want? Oh my Lord!
Is that something you said you would like to experience? There's nothing funny about it
Nah, I really don't want a dick in my ass
I mean honestly. No, no, no, but why would you even be joking like that here at this place?
Cause I was just playing
You don't do that -
But I wasn't even talking 'bout myself, I was talking 'bout somebody else. I was talking 'bout how this one gay dude act
Okay, but what was this when you—when you first came up? African music as well as an African market
Come on cuz, I'm—I'm hungry cuz
Hold on. What is the African market?
You're listening to Blonded Radio
This is how molly must feel
How molly must feel word
Molly must feel, word
Know what I mean
Know what I mean
Coming to you live, from California, California
We can drive half way across the stateside of California
Would you mind if I let the top down to feel the California
And all I see in the sky is sapphire blowing clouds of diamonds
Ive got nothing, got nothing, got nothing to do nothing to do
The beach is kind of average but the mushrooms are magic
When we've got nothing got nothing got nothing to do nothing to do
Im signing off the network I hope you're down to try to
There must be something something something to do
Coming to you
From California California
We can fly half way across the world now
From California
Would you mind if I let the top down to feel the California
And if you ask me why the birds sing then you know it's true
There's never nothing nothing nothing to do
Yeah
I’m hitchhiking love
Could you take me to the hills
I’m not heavy no, I promise
I heard you could fly, could you try
We can drive for miles 'til no one can see but just you and me, oh
I’m spending too much time on the ground, baby please show me how
How you do it, and don’t ever let me down
Don’t try to hide it
Cause I’d see your wings if that dress was backless
Don’t hide it
It ain’t a secret
Everybody knows you fly, fly, fly
I know you go up, go up
I wanna go up, take me up
I wanna go up, take me up
Don’t try to hide it, everybody knows you fly
Oh I really ought to ask
If I need a parachute or something
Cause if you take me way up there
I’ll be scared to death of falling
We can drive for miles 'til no one can see but just you and me, oh
I’m spending too much time on the ground, baby please show me how
How you do it, and don’t ever let me down
Don’t try to hide it
Cause I’d see your wings if that dress was backless
Don’t hide it
It ain’t a secret
Everybody knows you fly, fly, fly
I know you go up, go up
I wanna go up, take me up
I wanna go up, take me up
Don’t try to hide it, everybody knows you fly
Gravity’s blowing up my phone, don’t wanna answer
Them sidewalks calling to me
(yeah)
Gravity’s calling my phone, I can’t answer
Ain’t no service way up here girl
We’re twenty-five thousand feet in the air baby
If love was sky, damn right I’m falling
Falling in love, but going up
Don’t try to hide it, cause I see your wings
If that dress looks fabulous, don’t hide it
It ain’t a secret
Everybody knows you fly, fly, fly
I know you go up, you go up
I wanna go up, take me up
I wanna go up, take me up
Don’t try to hide it, everybody knows you fly
Show me how you do it, how you show me up
Show me how you do it, how you show me up
Show me how you do it, how you show me up
Show me what
Show me what
Show me what
BASEDGOD WAS RIGHT. we’re all a bunch of golden million dollar babies. my hope is that the babies born these days will inherit less of the bullshit than we did. anyhow, what i’m about to post is for anyone who cares to read. it was intended to fill the thank you’s section in my album credits, but with all the rumors going round.. I figured it’d be good to clarify…
Whoever you are. Wherever you are… I’m starting to think we’re a lot alike. Human beings spinning on blackness. All wanting to be seen, touched, heard, paid attention to. My loved ones are everything to me here. In the last year or 3 I’ve screamed at my creator, screamed at clouds in the sky, for some explanation. Mercy maybe. For peace of mind to rain like manna somehow. 4 summers ago, I met somebody. I was 19 years old. He was too. We spent that summer, and the summer after, together. Everyday almost. And on the days we were together, time would glide. Most of the day I’d see him, and his smile. I’d hear his conversation and his silence…until it was time to sleep. Sleep I would often share with him. By the time I realized I was in love, it was malignant. It was hopeless. There was no escaping, no negotiating with the feeling. No choice. It was my first love, it changed my life. Back then, my mind would wander to the women I had been with, the ones I cared for and thought I was in love with. I reminisced about the sentimental songs I enjoyed when I was a teenager.. The ones I played when I experienced a girlfriend for the first time. I realised they were written in a language I did not yet speak. I realised too much, too quickly. Imagine being thrown from a plane. I wasn’t in a plane though. I was in a Nissan Maxima, the same car I packed up with bags and drove to Los Angeles in. I sat there and told my friend how I felt. I wept as the words left my mouth. I grieved for them, knowing I could never take them back for myself. He patted my back. He said kind things. He did his best, but he wouldn’t admit the same. He had to go back inside soon, it was late and his girlfriend was waiting for him upstairs. He wouldn’t tell the truth about his feelings for me for another 3 years. I felt like I’d only imagined reciprocity for years. Now imagine being thrown from a cliff. No, I wasn’t on a cliff. I was still in my car telling myself it was gonna be fine and to take deep breaths. I took the breaths and carried on. I kept up a peculiar friendship with him because I couldn’t imagine keeping up my life without him. I struggled to master myself and my emotions. I wasn’t always successful
The dance went on.. I kept the rhythm for several summers after. It’s winter now. I’m typing this on a plane back to Los Angeles from New Orleans. I flew home for another marred Christmas. I have a windowseat. It’s December 27, 2011. By now I’ve written two albums. This being the second. I wrote to keep myself busy and sane. I wanted to create worlds that were rosier than mine. I tried to channel overwhelming emotions. I’m surprised at how far all of it has taken me. Before writing this I’d told some people my story. I’m sure these people kept me alive, kept me safe. Sincerely, these are the folks I wanna thank from the floor of my heart. Everyone of you knows who you are.. Great humans, probably angels. I don’t know what happens now, and that’s alrite. I don’t have any secrets I need kept anymore. There’s probably some small shit still, but you know what I mean. I was never alone, as much as it felt like it. As much as I still do sometimes. I never was. I don’t think I ever could be. Thanks. To my first love, I’m grateful for you. Grateful that even though it wasn’t what I hoped for and even though it was never enough, it was. Some things never are.. and we were. I won’t forget you. I won’t forget the summer. I’ll remember who I was when I met you. I’ll remember who you were and how we’ve both changed and stayed the same. I’ve never had more respect for life and living than I have right now. Maybe it takes a near death experience to feel alive. Thanks. To my mother. You raised me strong. I know I’m only brave because you were first. So thank you. All of you. For everything good. I feel like a free man. If I listen closely.. I can hear the sky falling too
-Frank
FUCK THE OPPOSITION.
I'M WINNING.
& EVEN WHEN I’M NOT WINNING, I'mma HAVE THESE AWESOME MEMORIES OF WINNING.
but i don’t plan on ever not winning. so…yeah, i don’t know what to tell these hoes.
It's 2 am
Got a call
From a girl
You should know
She heard a noise
Got a little scared
Now you of all people know
She hates sleeping alone
But still you ain't home
So since you're nowhere to be found
Don't trip bro I'mma hold her down
I'm your girlfriends best friend
Soon I'll be taking over
I'm your girlfriends best friend
You don't treat her like your supposed to
With your wandering eyes
All your cheating and lying
I'mma step up and do what I gotta
As your girlfriends best friend
Soon I'll be taking
Soon-soon I'll be taking your spot
Now I'm not hating
On your situation
But all I'm saying
These chicks are crazy
You've got a good girl
Who's all about you
It's gonna take you losing her
For you to know what you really had
On the spotlight
But as soon as you drop the ball
I'll be ready to pick up where you left off
I'm your girlfriends best friend
Soon I'll be taking over
I'm your girlfriends best friend
You don't treat her like your supposed to
With your wandering eyes
All your cheating and lying
I'mma step up and do what I gotta
As your girlfriends best friend
Soon I'll be taking
Soon-soon I'll be taking your spot
To be honest, I ain't perfect
A saint by no means
But I'm on the outside looking in
And it ain't a pretty picture by no means
I could push up on her but that ain't me
I'm a just sit here and wait my turn
I'm your girlfriends best friend
Soon I'll be taking over
I'm your girlfriends best friend
You don't treat her like your supposed to
With your wandering eyes
All your cheating and lying
I'mma step up and do what I gotta
As your girlfriends best friend
Soon I'll be taking
Soon-soon I'll be taking your spot
Steely walks down a street with the pace of someone with some place to go but who has left early enough to get there. He holds a rectangular metallic card smaller than his palms with grooves on its surface. The street is quiet, the sidewalk clean. As he walks, he occasionally slows to peer inside the windows of parked cars. 
The cars have a familiar look though it’s obvious their designs are several generations ahead.
 The elegant lines, the materials and tech apparent in the construction are the result of years of engineering advances beyond the present.
The city feels simultaneously old and new, weathered by time and progress, lending it a distinctive quality. A modern city embracing technology but somewhat overtaken by nature, still trying to find a balance. There are pick-ups and wagons amongst the luxury cars, very democratic. Steely peers into a car with a cigarette in the ashtray. Using the metallic card, he swipes it against the car’s access strip and gains entry. He steals the cig, lights it and walks a few cars down. He notices a hanging air freshener in another car and decides he likes it, breaks into that car as well taking the fragrant contraband. The stillness is mesmerizing, you can barely hear the autobahn in the distance or the steps of his companion just a few feet ahead.
Caged court centered in a park somewhat densely populated with live oak trees, their limbs perfectly frame rather than reach above the court. Clark is around 5’10” or 11”, lean but strapping and towering compared to a seemingly younger Steely who just beamed a ball at Clark and nearly landed a punch before Robb and Matthew body-blocked.  Clark would have hurt him, badly, obviously, as Steely is a few years younger and developing a physique to match his mental toughness.
Robb:
‘Whoa whoa whoa level down…’
Matthew:
 ‘Kiss and make up, friends. It’s a contact sport.’
Steely:
 ‘Nah, miss me with that, he always tryna big man somebody.’
Clark:
(Checks his face for blood. Spits.) ‘Game point.’
Steely steps up to guard him, placing his hand on Clark’s side to telegraph his movements. Clark crosses him, drives and lays the ball up, winning the game.
Clark:
‘Whoo! (RIC FLAIR voice) Did you feel that? Did you sense the sublime finesse and technique just then? You should be grateful. You should be grateful for me. Here.’
Steely:
 ‘Blah, blah, blah.’ (Shrugs and mimes, picks the dead basketball up off the ground and does a tricky slam dunk with excess energy.)
The quiet of the morning scene continues, Steely and Shoobie continue walking as if in a dream. No birds, no other people, no sounds of cars. You see cars though, and you can hear a faint wind occasionally disrupt the silence as it passes between the rubber of the vehicles and the concrete. The skyline is a blended ecosystem of the natural world and school buildings. Tall structures of glass, steel, brick and mortar raised on stilts of a hard clear substance. Limbs of trees reaching out through some windows, you see entire floors made into greenhouses and pocket jungles sprawling off rooftops. They approach a park where we see a sculpture of a child hanging from the sky from a string that goes up forever, touching the surface of a never ending rippling pond below with the tip of his finger. There are no paths of stone or concrete, the grounds are riddled with ever so slight inclines and valleys. There’s a large Olympic sized pool built with Carrara marble, students ice skate it during the winter and skateboard in it in warmer months.
Shoobie walks slowly ahead of Steely, carrying a slate of metal, head held high, inhaling deeply and gratefully from a harmless, flavored steam cigarette. She squints her large eyes eyes on a toke and looks back at Steely going inside of someone else’s car.  The colors of her eyes change. She keeps walking. Steely catches up and throws his arm around Shoobie — he quickly takes his arm back to himself then grabs both her elbows and turns her toward him.
Shoobie:
 (Bobbing her head to music that isn't playing, she sings) 'That's the way everyday goes, every time we've no control...'
Steely looks up at the sky. A wide, flat translucent aircraft is coasting slowly above, leaving clouds in its wake and filtering sunlight into beautiful prismatic refractions onto him.
He's looking down at Shoobie, she's wearing radiation protective gear. Her helmet is mirrored orange and red, the suit has a white body. He focuses on her and not the campus being destroyed behind her by fire.
Steely:
‘Is death a high? I heard it’s like DMT. The guy who told me that isn’t dead. Maybe it’s worth dying. The high I mean. Worst part about it though. We won’t remember being so tight you know? Look at us!’
(Brushes imaginary locks from his face)
Shoobie:
‘...uhh?’
Steely looks down at his feet and there’s ice on the grass though it’s summer. Steely pulls his head up to say ‘snow’ but doesn’t even make the begining sounds of the word. A single ball of alloy, white encoded with ice, spins around them like a tether ball to its pole. 
Shoobie still mouthing the words to a song playing in her head. ‘If you could fly then you’d feel south, up north’s gettin’ cold soon…The way it is were on land — still i’m someone to hold true’.
Oh, oh, oh, my
Oh, yeah yeah, yeah
Oh, oh, love, love, love
Yeah
Hollywood, Hollywood
Heard you like to take the love
That’s why I came to town
With only my brain
Holly baby
Baby, yeah, baby, yeah
Why do you drive the talent crazy, crazy
Yeah
When they call you home
Their home, their home, yeah
When they call you home
Their home, their home, yeah
And they come from far away to meet ya'
Then you break their hearts in pieces
They call you home
Their home, their home
Yeah, yeah
And you drive them crazy
Holly baby, Holly baby, Hollywood, oh
I met you on the TV screen
You told me you were single, and
We talked about the weather babe
You said it never rains in southern Cali
Baby, baby
Why do you drive the talent crazy
Yeah, baby, yeah
When they call you home
Their home, their home, yeah
When they call you home
Their home, their home, yeah
And they come from far away to meet ya
Then you break their hearts in pieces
They call you home
Their home, their home, yeah, yeah
And you drive them crazy
Holly baby, Holly baby, Hollywood
Oh yeah
One winter morning I went for a drive, I stopped somewhere between June & July
I love these warmer days
But maybe I can't see that the snow's still falling
I only see the gift my heart just brought me
(Merry Christmas babe) That's what she said
She didn't have to do much, but she made me smile
December in Manhattan feels like South Beach now
I love my baby, ohh yes I do
It ain't about you givin' anything, as long as you're my everything
Cause lady what could you give to me better than what you've been givin me
Just keep talkin' in my ear, cause I need it
And tell me you'll be right here if I need ya
The greatest present you could give is the present (ohhh, I need it)
It's just a regular morning, I'm a regular guy
Takin' the train to my 9 to 9
(But something's different today)
I had an envelope sittin' right next to my breakfast
And it's from my baby, not the bill collectors
(Happy Birthday Babay)
Then it said... I know we don't got much but baby we got us
And after you get off, we gon' make sweet love
Now go and get that cake (ohhh yeah)
It ain't about you givin' anything, as long as you're my everything
Cause lady what could you give to me better than what you've been givin me
Just keep talkin' in my ear, cause I need it
And tell me you'll be right here if I need ya
The greatest present you could give is the present (ohhh, I need it)
One day the whole world will hear me sing
Then I'mma run and buy you those things
But right now, three months pay barely gets me a diamnond baby
But one day I'mma buy you that ring
Ohhhh
Just keep talkin' in my ear, cause I need it
And tell me you'll be right there if I need ya
The greatest present you could give is the present (ohhh, I need it)
(Nothing but everything)
(I don't need anything, long as you're my everythinng)
*Lyrics from snippet
Every night you were in my room
My room, my room with me
This
Put the channel on advance
Went to China for some fashion
Went overseas so much the past year
I think I'm starting to catch an accent
No sleeper seats, that's a mattress
No sleeper seats, that's a mattress
You ain't stingy, split your tablets with me
You won't flinch when camera's flashing, flashing
Not fake laid back, no, it's natural
And I think you made for the life I lead
I'm not fake patient, I don't fake sick, huh
I catch z's at work now
So they're gonna fire me soon
But I've been dreamin' of our love
I wish my new day job was you
But they say my checks come from the bank
And not your heart (not your heart)
And not your heart
They tell me think with my brain like I'm sane
And not my heart
And not my heart
But if my job was only to love you, yeah
There wouldn't be no recession
Be no recession, ain't no depression, depression
If my job was only to love you, girl
There wouldn't be no stressin'
Be no stressin', ain't no pressure
Cause it pays way better babe
It pays way better baby, yeah
My boss works my nerves, girl
If you knew him you'd wanna quit too
I just know he's jealous
Cause he's lonely and I've got you
(But what I'mma do)
But they say my checks come from the bank
And not your heart (not your heart)
And not your heart
They tell me think with my brain like I'm sane
And not my heart
And not my heart
But if my job was only to love you, yeah
There wouldn't be no recession
Be no recession, ain't no depression, depression
If my job was only to love you, girl
There wouldn't be no stressin'
Be no stressin', ain't no pressure
Cause it pays way better babe
It pays way better baby, yeah
If I left this place today with the love that we made
I'd be paid for the rest of my life, rest of my life
I love you the rest of my life, oh
Be paid for the rest of my life
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
My girl made him wait 'til the hours of the night
Then hit you with the, "You know it's mid, right?"
Can't be on time for the free rides
Can't be my type, I'm a low life
Crammed in some time, now I'm your whole life
Can't make those calls in the low light
Are you ready to go? We gon' be waitin' in line
Yeah you look good, would I fuck? Yeah
Did I? Almost
Back home with that, almost
Back home with that, next time
Bags with all that Rally's in 'em
Trades with all the valley (Come on!)
Top chopped down like blades came through the valley
Freeway
Despite our history
Somewhere in your nights, you're stuck when you think of me
Despite the life I lead
All this life in me
Spirits watch me, pants down
Can't be 'barrassed of it
I feel their smiles on me (Smiles on me)
I feel their smiles on me (Smile on me)
I feel their smiles on me (Lens on me right now)
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Throw team on back like I tatted the Mariah (Know I got some sins on me)
Then get the scream mask for the vert ride (Ridin')
Weed smoke in the sky, picture what I'm realizin' (Got some sins on me)
Ain't seen rainbows in the sky since college
This thing won't last unless we're both lyin' (Both lyin')
Fake flowers, no water needed
Real life drowned by the weekend
No wins, call it timeless
No ends 'cause you're timeless (Timeless!)
Despite our history
Somewhere in your nights, you're stuck when you think of me
Despite the life I lead
All this life in me (All this life)
Spirits watch me, pants down
Can't be 'barrassed of it
I feel their smiles on me (On me, on me, on me)
I feel their smiles on me
I feel their smiles on me
Lionel got a lens, Janet got a lens
Matthew got a lens on me right now, yeah
Cleve got a lens, Kevin got a lens
Know I got some sins on me right now
On me
On me, on me
On me, on me
On me, on me
On me, on me
On me, on me
Ayy roll up this
Yeah, cameras, cameras on me, I need tints (Watch, tints)
Smilin' but inside I'm feelin' bent (Watch, tints)
Come direct, please I can't take no hints (Yah! Yeah)
Bicycles and pegs, yeah
Ride low, duck the feds, watch
Du-rag on my head, yeah
Money on my head, yeah
Cameras, cameras on me when I'm bent
Mix the waterfall right behind the tent (Yeah)
Backseat, spacious, I pulled up, spaceship, yeah (Turn it)
This ain't Vegas, yeah this here vacant, yeah (Turn it)
Black skin bastard, tad bit savage
Cause a tad bit havoc, when I come through, damage
Hop out (Hop out), roll (Roll), pop it, pour (Pour)
Planet froze, 
chain Keyshia Cole (Froze)
Molly help me sleep, yeah
Xannies make her sleep, yeah
93, 93, 93, spot
Yeah
living. it’s a plain difference from dead. seen a dead body this afternoon. the people who felt they had that body in their lives, have to let it go. the memories of the life that used that body are just as finite as the bodies of those who remember him. the woman or man that enjoyed that mans body, will only have the thin almost holographic recollections for as long as they live. then again, who knows how long we live, and if life goes on after these heartbeats stop. who knows where life went when it left that body. who knows if it went anywhere, not you. matters of faith, are matters of faith and faith is not knowing. what i know is that when i see a body without life, i feel sort of childish. a kid in a big complicated existence. a game with no rules and no point of winning other than for the sport of it. like the things i know and have learned mean nothing really. a feeling of confusion about the point. a bone chilling awareness of my mortality. still i wanna live. live and bring other lives into this world to live and die as well. some would say we are one consciousness divided. i would say we’ll find out. but we do not know that. eh. life. where’s my fuckin lighter.
How come the ecstasy always depresses me so?
Chemically I don't have no more new places to go
When the wind blows
That ain't really loud
Couldn't raise his voice cause his wind gone
Nigga sound like Reggie
If life is a woman them walls gone
They ran through her already
I'm thinking
My life is a virgin like wife in all white and
Tonight I'm determined
To give her insight, eat her right till she creams
Till she writhes with delight
Ándale ándale, make her pray to the pipe
Make her worship that false phallic idle
I slide deep inside
Not too deep, not too shallow
I'm mindful of size
She's chockful of my swipe like a capsule
Sealed tight with that substance you need
Start a family tonight
In this Camry we might
Mean this big body Merc with the leather
Oak and the LED lights
That I don't even drive
I'm in London tonight
And it's all overpriced
The dollar been cheap than a bitch
Tuberose and tulips
On the boxes you're in
From the holes in your skin
Hit the road and get rich
Or stay home and get broke
It's your choice in the end
Yeah they watchin' my fence
Like they next to my kin
Like they paid by the pope
Got some priests by the door
Frisk the demons before they step into my glow
Oh my my
Get it, get it
One, two
Moon river, wider than a mile
I'm crossing you in style someday
A dream maker (maker)
My heart (you heart) breaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' that way (the same)
Two drifters off to see the world
There's such a crazy world to see
We're all chasin' after all the same
Chasin' after our ends
Moon river, wider than a mile
Crossin' in style someday
My dream maker, heartbreaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' the same
Two drifters off to see the world
It's such a crazy world you'll see
What I
see
, who I becom
e
What I see, who I become
We're all chasin' after our ends
Chasin' after our ends
Life's just around the bend, my friend
Moon river and me
atl (atl is not the best movie lol but ok)
un chien andalou
blue velvet
barry lyndon
battleship potemkin
eraserhead
chungking express
raging bull
the conformist
bicycle thieves
taxi driver
a clockwork orange
mean streets
gods of the plague
persona
mulholland dr.(ive)
happy together (wong kar wai)
fallen angels
apocalypse now
the last laugh
pi
full metal jacket
no country for old men
wild at heart
memento
metropolis
rushmore
the royal tenenbaums
miller's crossing
the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie (luis bunuel)
blood simple
rashomon
orpheus
la confidential
reservoir dogs
eastern promises
2001 a space odyssey
battle royale
the passion of anna
bring me the head of alfredo garcia
oldboy (park chan-wook 2003)
django unchained
one flew over the cuckoo's nest
the good, the bad and the ugly
the godfather (Probably the triology)
m (fritz lang)
scarface (howard hawks 1932)
scarface (de palma 1983)
blade runner
citizen kane
on the waterfront
annie hall
psycho
dr. strangelove
the french connection
the deer hunter
wild strawberries (bergman)
fargo
the sacrifice (andrei tarkovsky)
el topo
holy mountain
the shining
pulp fiction
fitzcarraldo
american beauty
solaris (andrei tarkovsky)
true romance
elephant man
seven samurai
woyzeck
jackie brown
aguirre, the wrath of God
paris, texas
devil in a blue dress
inglorious basterds
serpico
alien
ed wood
hard eight
the seventh seal
sonatine
paths of glory
there will be blood
spartacus
assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford
fight club
brazil
throne of blood (akira kurosawa)
the master
dog day afternoon
rosemary's baby
phantom of the paradise
inauguration of the pleasure dome
malcolm x
scorpio rising
the friends of eddie coyle
puce moment
nosferatu (f.w. murnau 1929)
basquiat
the king of comedy
running time: 207.23 hours
Go for it
Round your city, round the clock
Everybody needs you
No, you can't make everybody equal
Although you got beaucoup family
You don't even got nobody, being honest with you
Breathe 'til I evaporate
My whole body see-through
Transportation, handmade (G!)
And I know it better than most people
I don't trust 'em anyways
You can't break the law with them
Get some pussy, have a calm night
Shooters killing left and right
Working through your worst night
If I get my money right, you know I won't need you
And I tell you (Biiitch!)
I hope the sack is full up
I'm fuckin', no, I'm fucked up
Spend it when I get that, I ain't tryna keep you
Can't keep up a conversation, can't nobody reach you
Why your eyes well up?
Did you call me from a séance?
You were from my past life, hope you're doing well, bruh
I been out here head first
Always like the head first, signal coming in and out (Huh?)
Hope you're doing well, bruh
Everybody needs you
Everybody needs you
Oooh, nani nani (Ooh, nani, oh)
This feel like a quaalude
No sleep in my body
Ain't no bitch in my body, ugh!
New beginnings, ahh
New beginnings, wake up, akh
The sun's going down
Time to start your day, bruh
Can't keep being late on me
Know you need the money if you gon' survive
The every night shit, everyday shit
Dropping baby off at home before my night shift
You know I can't hear none of that spend-the-night shit
That kumbaya shit
Wanna see nirvana, but don't wanna die yet
Wanna feel that nana, though, could you come by?
Fuck with me after my shift
Know them boys wanna see me broke down and shit
Bummed out and shit, stressed out and shit
That's everyday shit
Shut the fuck up, I don’t want your conversation
Rolling marijuana, that's a cheap vacation
My every day shit, every night shit, every day shit
Every night shit
Night shit, night shit, night shit, night shit
Bubble goose down, blue punch
Pocari Sweat, ghost sweat
Her wet wet, her mouth wet, two things I don't regret
My dick long, memory long, two things she don't forget
Game drives so wet, my Black friends just wear black
But only fly in black jets, if it's roulette, black's best
Niggas ain't sold crack yet
Flyin' private, ain't wasting seats
Niggas lapped up in that bitch
Black bodies in the summer breeze
Runnin' four flats, tryna get in the lead
Tryna get in the league and play wide receiver
Nigga, pass the sticks, call winners winners
Up-seat, gotta walk it off
Winners hate to lose, gotta run they mouth
Sets thrown, now they lockin' up
We ain't break it up
Tryna see who face getting knotted up
That was Monday, we was back friends on Tuesday
Still talkin' 'bout it 'til this day
Need fifty hunnas, that's 5 racks
Hit Costco, keep the fam fat
Fuck a weed-man, grow your own plants
Tell the cashier give you five blacks and the purple packs
Some loud burnin' out on the grill
Black Adonis on the diving board
Gainers only, I'm bringing Guinness
Jordans floatin' on the deep end of the pool (Yes)
Somebody got thrown in again, y'all are fools
Phone drown on the concrete in the summer blaze
Blaze too, blaze too
And it better work when the morning breaks through
Oh we gon' line it up? Nah, nah
I just... What?!
New beginnings, ahh
New beginnings wake up, akh
The sun's going down
(I just got these shoes man)
Time to start your day, bruh
(Look at 'em... Look, they're fucked)
Can't keep being late on me
(Some more fuckin' shit)
Know you need the money if you gon' survive
The every night shit, every day shit
Dropping baby off at home before my night shift
You know I can't hear none of that spend-the-night shit
That kumbaya shit
Wanna see nirvana, but don't wanna die yet
Wanna feel that nana, though, could you come by?
Fuck with me after my shift
Know them boys wanna see me broke down and shit
Bummed out and shit, stressed out and shit
That's everyday shit
Shut the fuck up, I don’t want your conversation
Rolling marijuana that's a cheap vacation
My everyday shit, every night shit, everyday shit
Every night shit
Night shit, night shit, night shit
I'm buck now, I'm peaked out
I'm in the red like chyoon-chyoon-chyoon
On they heads like chyoon chyoon chyoon
Remember that, them hands yea
Them strokes, oh, don't watch that
We both know
You used to be my everyday, every night shit
I'm buck now, I'm peaked out
I'm in the red like chyoon-chyoon-chyoon
On they heads like chyoon-chyoon-chyoon
Remember that, them hands yea
Them strokes, oh, don't watch that
We both know
You used to be my everyday, every night shit
I'm running from the man, I'm running from my flag
I made love to my lady before I packed
I left her while she slept
I put eighty-seven grand cash in the glovebox
I left the keys to the car by the bed
Cos I got her
Oh, I wish she could be the Bonnie to my Clyde
But I won't risk her life for mine
No oh, not for mine
No Bonnie, no Bonnie, I'm sorry, so sorry
I'm running water through my hands
And flipping pictures in my head of her
I wish I taught the girl how to shoot a gun
So I wouldn't worry as much
Oh, last night
I put eighty-seven grand cash in the glovebox
I left the keys to the car by the bed
Cos I got her
(I got you, oh)
Oh, I wish she could be the Bonnie to my Clyde
(I wis you could be my Bonnie)
But I won't risk her life for mine
(Won't risk your life)
No oh, not for mine
No Bonnie
Oh, I wish she could be the Bonnie to my Clyde
(I know you love me)
But I won't risk her life for mine
(You wanna be where I am, but no, girl)
No oh, not for mine
No Bonnie, no Bonnie
The money should last awhile
But I know without a dime she got me
When the feds come around she got me
No snitching allowed from my baby
Oh, I wish she could be the Bonnie to my Clyde
(My Bonnie)
But I won't risk her life for mine
(My Bonnie)
No oh, not for mine
No Bonnie
(No Bonnie)
Oh, I wish she could be the Bonnie to my Clyde
(Oh girl, I wish you could be mine)
But I won't risk her life for mine
(Won't you risk your life, no Bonnie, your life)
No oh, not for mine
No Bonnie, no Bonnie, I'm sorry, so sorry
So sorry
So sorry
No Bonnie
*Lyrics from snippet*
Every single dance and shower
This ain't what you want
Exhale, I-
And the peaches and the mangos
That you could sell for me
What do you think my brain is made for
Is it just a container for the mind?
This great grey matter
Sensei replied, "What is your woman?
Is she just a container for the child?"
That soft pink matter
Cotton candy, Majin Buu, oh, oh, ohh
Close my eyes and fall into you, you, you
My God, she's giving me pleasure
What if the sky and the stars are for show
And the aliens are watching live
From the purple matter?
Sensei went quiet then violent
And we sparred until we both grew tired
Nothing mattered
Cotton candy, Majin Buu, oh, oh, oh, oh
Dim the lights and fall into you, you, you
My God, giving me pleasure
Pleasure, pleasure, pleasure
Pleasure over matter
Hey, hey
Since you been gone, I been having withdrawals
You were such a habit to call
I ain't myself at all, had to tell myself, "Naw
She better with some fella with a regular job"
I didn't wanna get her involved
By dinner Mr. Benjamin was sitting in awe
Hopped into my car; drove far
Far's too close
and I remember my memory's no sharp
Butter knife, what a life, anyway
I'm building y'all a clock, stop, what am I, Hemingway?
She had the kind of body that would probably intimidate
Any of 'em that were un-southern, not me, cousin
If models are made for modelin'
Thick girls are made for cuddlin'
Switch worlds and we can huddle then
Who needs another friend? I need to hold your hand
You'd need no other man, we'd flee to other lands
Grey matter
Blue used to be my favorite color
Now I ain't got no choice
Blue matter
You're good at being bad, you're bad at being good
For heaven's sakes, go to hell, nah, knock on wood, hey
You're good at being bad (You're bad at being good)
For heaven's sakes, go to hell
For heaven's sakes, go to hell
Knock, knock, knock, knock on wood
Well, frankly, when that ocean so mu'fucking good
Make her swab the mu'fucking wood
Make her walk the mu'fucking plank
Make her rob a mu'fucking bank
With no mask on and a rusty revolver
Yeah, yeah (woo!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
That's the way every day goes
Every time we've no control
If the sky is pink and white
If the ground is black and yellow
It's the same way you showed me
Nod my head, don't close my eyes
Halfway on a slow move
It's the same way you showed me
If you could fly, then you'd feel south
Up north's getting cold soon
The way it is, we're on land
Still I'm someone to hold true
Keep you cool when it's still alive
Won't let you down when it's all ruin
Just the same way you showed me, showed me
You showed me love
Glory from above
Regard, my dear
It's all downhill from here
In the wake of a hurricane
Dark skin of a summer shade
Nosedive into flood lines
Tall tower of milk crates
It's the same way you showed me
Cannonball off the porch side
Older kids trying off the roof
Just the same way you showed me (You showed)
If you could die and come back to life
Up for air from the swimming pool
You'd kneel down to the dry land
Kiss the Earth that birthed you
Gave you tools just to stay alive
And make it out when the sun is ruined
That's the same way you showed me, showed me
You showed me love
Glory from above
Regard, my dear
It's all downhill from here
Remember life, remember how it was
Climb trees, Michael Jackson, it all ends here
Say what up to Matthew, to Shoob
Say what up to Danny
Say what up to life immortality
Bending up my Nikes
Running out the melpomene, nicotine
Stealing granny cigs (Take it easy)
Gimme something sweet
Bitch, I might like immortality
This is life, life immortality
Grand mommy told me: "Don't run from no police" (Fuck 'em)
Grand mommy told me: "Watch out for yo partners" (I love 'em)
Saying "They too much older, won't you stay in your range?"
I been trying to sponge, been trying to know some things
See the mailman keep coming, and the bills keep on coming in
And all you wanna do is fight me on this shit
You say: "Don't go bending yo wrist, don't go being no sissy."
OK
"Don't go locking no doors, you ain't paying no rent in this bitch," OK
Checks I used to bring
They wouldn't make no difference in this bitch
Now the checks I bring, I mean
Who else paying the rent in this bitch?
Landlord see me outside, wanna take a picture
I said I gotta autograph on the check you can take it with ya
He said "The house on sale, you wanna buy it?"
I say, "Not this one."
Gotta make moves, not a ton of moves, tryna keep it simple
This summer
Said you didn't wanna go with me
That's a bumma, bumma, bumma, yeah
Boppin' at Bacchus, that was the first parade
Bounce remixes of Aaliyah had the spinal cords crackin', crackin'
Cups of methazine had 'em lean like Michael Jackson
Yeah
And you was fuckin' with your nose trying to be a Jackson
Oh yeah
Poolside convo, about your summer last night
Now, to the edge I'll race
To the end I'll make it
All the risk, I'll take it
Head bang with my faux friends
We pour a taste out for the dead
This is the blood, the body, the life right now
The height right now
Might be what I need
Might be what I need
Said you wanna hurt me now
You can't hurt me now
That might be what you need
What it means to be alive on this side
(Said you wanna kill me now)
On this side
(Don't let me down)
On this side
(Down, down)
Fuck the other side
I'm on this side, I'm on this side, I'm on this side
How it feels to have arrived
I'm inside, I'm inside
Those are my niggas for life
Mothers of us be kind
To the fathers on whom we rely
Fathers of us be kind
To the mothers on whom we rely
Ah-hah, ah-hah, ah-hah, ah-hah
Ah-hah, ah-hah, ah-hah, ah-hah
We know you're sugar
We know you're sweet like a sucka
Pretty sweet, pretty sweet
Yeah, bring an amp up here
Let me plug my guitar in
I wanna play for you baby
Can you hear me?
Oh, it's a sold out crowd
I'm kind of nervous
And they yellin' my name out
Can you hear 'em?
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, I would cancel if I could (woah, oh, oh)
Oh, oh, oh
You said if I loved you then I would
Make it a private show, intimate affair
Sitting in the front row, only ones here
Said you want a private show, said you want a private show
If you want a private show
Doors are closin', doors are closin', doors are closin'
Private show, intimate affair
Dancing in the front row, only one here
Said you want a private show, said you want a private show
And you want a
VIP, backstage pass and all that
VIP, backstage pass and all that
I really love my fans
So we gotta move quickly
And once I finish here
Don't shout out encore
You can sing along to my songs, and then
Then I'll applaud you, and then
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, I would cancel if I could (woah, oh, oh)
Oh, oh, oh
You said if I loved you then I would
Make it a private show, intimate affair
Sitting in the front row, only ones here
Said you want a private show, said you want a private show
If you want a private show
Doors are closin', doors are closin', doors are closin'
Private show, intimate affair
Dancing in the front row, only one here
Said you want a private show, said you want a private show
And you want a
VIP, backstage pass and all that
VIP, backstage pass and all that
Live so much better than the radio
Bet-bet-better than the radio
Live so much better than the radio
Bet-bet-better than the radio
Live so much better than the radio
Bet-bet-better than the radio
Live so much better, live so much better
Private show, intimate affair
Sitting in the front row, only ones here
Said you want a private show, said you want a private show
If you want a private show
Doors are closin', doors are closin', doors are closin'
Private show, intimate affair
Dancing in the front row, only one here
Said you want a private show, said you want a private show
And you want a
VIP, backstage pass and all that
VIP, backstage pass and all that
Giving in is anything I'd provide
My figure surrounded
The riches are clouded
If you live like I live
I wouldn't live without it
Said I'd be your new best friend, didn't I?
If February, anything I'd provide
When you coming down here
You're shaded, I provided all that
Rain coming down
Ambition got providing
All that money mine
Memo finna start acting out if I don't see him soon
Yeah my best friend ain't backing out, it's still on sight, fool
I'm the only one out here on the night loops
I'm the only one out here on the night loops
Trophy case still light, body need a race stripe
And these minerals on my body break light
And these reds on my body brakelight
New man comin' up ahead on his own two
Is you a natural blondie like Goku?
Sleepin' on my belly in a loop like a serpent
Talking Heads ripplin' on the surface
Eyes low, chin heavy, shoegazer
Moonwalkin', R.I.P. Stanley Kubrick
You had you some birthdays, could you prove it?
Show me the wisdom in your movement
Show me some wisdom in your movement
Feelings you provide
Feelings you provide
I know it, I know it
The feelings I, the feelings, I know it, I
Feelings you provide
Feelings you provide
I know it, I know it
The feelings, I know it, the feelings, I, I
Tonight I might change my life
If you lived like I live
You couldn't live without it
Said I'd be your new best friend
But what more? Yeah
Ain't too late to out
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ahhh
Provide, provide
Pro...
Ooh, oooh, oooh
Tonight I might change my life, all for you
All for you (Provide)
Provided, diamond lane that didn't exist
Packed the Astro van and brought my kids through
Prada tee on the eldest, throw the Gildan on the children
Hand-me-down fits
Chest pass, see mist off rotation (Swish, swisha)
Stiff smile just like I'm Aphex Twin (Yeah, come to daddy, yeah)
Pat the Patagonia pockets, tryna find my zip (uh, where it's at? Yeah)
Blunt twist, tightropes, I'm not fallin' off (never that, no)
Watch friends, go pro through fisheye lens, drownin' off clear
I just saw JAWS, divin' under influence
Been feelin' like the Lord just out of reach for me (for me)
How I feel lettin' man speak
How I feel lettin' man speak for me (for me)
Holyfield, keep your ears split for me
Can't show my face if you spit for me
Spit for me, yeah
Eyes low, chin heavy shoegazer
Moonwalkin', R.I.P. Stanley Kubrick
You had you some birthdays, could you prove it?
Show me the wisdom in your movement
Show me some wisdom in your movement
Feelings you provide
Feelings you provide
I know, I know it
The feelings I, the feelings, I know it, I
Feelings you provide
Feelings you provide
I know it, I know it
The feelings, I know it, the feelings, I, I
Tonight I might change my life, all for you, all for you
Provide
Babe, just say you miss me, is it that hard?
Too long since I've heard about our love
Am I in this by myself? Hey yeah
With rose colored lenses on my store bought frames
To see something other than these blues and grays
I need something different, hey yeah, yeah, yeah
Cause you ain't feeling the same
Who knows, maybe I'm crazy, that's one big maybe
But even a fool knows when it's gold, gold, gold
I know pyrite from 24 karat, yeah
Cubic's from genuine diamond, yeah
A call from the woman who loves you and hello from a friend
I know when it's real, I know how to tell
I know the difference between what you say and how you feel
Oh, oh I know when it's real
Oh, I can tell the difference every time that you call
But I don’t need a drink I need some time in my car
Time to drive and think, time to park and cry
You shoulda known you were beautiful
You shoulda known what I saw in you, yeah
Please forgive me for feeling like it’s all your fault
A heavy heart can’t carry blame for the loss
Who knows, maybe I'm crazy, that's one big maybe
But even a fool knows when it's gold, gold, gold
I know pyrite from 24 karat, yeah
Cubic's from genuine diamond, yeah
A call from the woman who loves you and hello from a friend
I know when it's real, I know how to tell
I know the difference between what you say and how you feel
Oh, oh I know when it's real
You might not know this but I’m a man with pride
And this hurts me baby deep down, deep down
I can’t let go of this, gotta know I tried
It’s pathetic baby don’t lie, don’t lie
I’m a candle, you’re the sun
And you’re burning baby, you're burning baby
Burning up, burning up
Burning up, burning up, burning up, yeah
Pyrite from 24 karat yeah
Cubic’s from genuine diamond yeah
A call from the woman who loves you
And hello from a friend
We'll never be more than friends
We'll never be..
Poolside convo about your summer last night, ooh yeah
About your summer last night
Ain't give you no play, mm
Could I make you shive last night?
Could I make you shy on the last night, last night?
Could we make it in? Do we have time?
I'll be the boyfriend in your wet dreams tonight
Noses on a rail, little virgin wears the white
You cut your hair but you used to live a blonded life
Wish I was there, wish we'd grown up on the same advice
And our time was right
Keep a place for me, for me
I'll sleep between y'all, it's nothing
It's nothing, it's nothing
Keep a place for me, for me
Now and then you miss it, sounds make you cry
Some nights you dance with tears in your eyes
I came to visit, 'cause you see me like a UFO
That's like never, 'cause I made you use your self-control
And you made me lose my self-control, my self-control
Keep a place for me, for me
I'll sleep between y'all, it's nothing
Keep a place for me
It's no thing, it's nothing
It's no thing, it's nothing
Sometimes you'll miss it
And the sound will make you cry
And some nights you're dancing
With tears in your eyes
I, I, I know you gotta leave, leave, leave
Take down some summer time
Give up, just tonight, night, night
I, I, I know you got someone comin'
You're spittin' game, know you got it
I, I, I know you gotta leave, leave, leave
Take down some summer time
Give up, just tonight, night, night
I, I, I know you got someone comin'
You're spittin' game, know you got it
(Nobody else, nobody else)
I, I, I know you gotta leave, leave, leave
Take down some summer time
Give up, just tonight, night, night
I, I, I know you got someone comin'
You're spittin' game, know you got it
My best friend
What was cooler than us?
Whole school already knew what it was
Kiddy crushing, puppy loving, no
Ah, you are my high school wifey
College made it different
I stayed at home and you didn't
You got a scholarship to Michigan State
Drove my heart two-thousand miles away
And now I sit at home, next to the phone
Missing, wishing she would call
And say hello, say hello
I'm in the zone
Readjusting to the fact she's been gone
And I'm alone, I'm alone
Can't play the same songs in my car
Oh no cause she ain't on the passenger, the passenger
And I can't even play Madden any more
Oh no because I can't pass to her, pass to her
She won't say hello, hello, hello
She won't say hello, hello, hello
Nah, nah, she won't
My best friend, wish I could have went with her
Can't afford to visit her
Let alone stay
But I wanna, I really wanna
Oh, we did everything together, now I'm missing all the silly shit
The way she bit her bottom lip after we kissed
I'm x-ing off the calendar days
I'm praying, oh, you come back again
And now I sit at home, next to the phone
Missing, wishing she would call
And say hello, say hello
I'm in the zone
Readjusting to the fact she's been gone
And I'm alone, I'm alone
Can't play the same songs in my car
Oh no cause she ain't on the passenger, the passenger
And I can't even play Madden any more
Oh no because I can't pass to her, pass to her
My baby (baby), what am I to do without her?
Whoa I've been losing patience calling her
And now I sit at home, next to the phone
Missing, wishing she would call
And say hello, say hello
I'm in the zone
Readjusting to the fact she's been gone
And I'm alone, I'm alone
Can't play the same songs in my car
Oh no cause she ain't on the passenger, the passenger
And I can't even play Madden any more
Oh no because I can't pass to her, pass to her
She won't say hello, hello, hello
She won't say hello, hello, hello
Nah, nah, she won't
(We're spendin' too much time alone)
Spendin' too much time alone
(And I just ran outta Trojans)
Horses gallop to her throne
(We're behaving like teenagers)
We're behaving like teenagers
(Making less than minimum wage)
Still inside our parents' homes
(No, I don't live in Denver)
No, I don't live in Denver
(I grew up in Sierra Leone)
And her pink skies will keep me warm
Sierra Leone
Sierra Leone
Tid bits of intuition that I be gettin' abandon mission
(Sierra Leone)
Abandon mission, you must be kiddin', this shit feelin' different
Shit feelin' too good to me
Glistening, shimmerin' underneath the sunlight, the sunlight
(Sierra Leone)
And a new day will bring about the dawn
And a new day will bring another crying babe into the world
(Girl now)
Our daughter's reaching for your nipple 'cause it's time for her to eat (Reaching for ya)
Tonight I'll lay her in the cradle if it's time to go to sleep (Oh, go to sleep, oh, oh)
I'll sing a Lennon lullaby, she can have a pretty dream
Baby girl, if you knew what I know, knew what I know
Na, na na, na na, na...
Na, na na, na na, na...
It's simple, so simple
These hands that I pray with for just one more chance
They also took off the dress of that woman
I'm a simple man, got some simple problems
A simple, simple mistake
Simply made it so hard for you to love me
It's simply hard but I gotta get back to your love
I'm simply wrong, but I still wanna hold ya
It's simply hard, so hard
Simply hard but I gotta get back to your love, your love
My mother said "son, don't break her heart
And staying in love won't be so hard, it's simple"
These same lips that once said I love you, I do, I do
Admitted, they kiss her over and over and over
Simple man, couple simple problems
One simple, simple mistake
Simply made it hard for you to love me
It's simply hard but I gotta get back to your love
I'm simply wrong, but I still wanna hold ya
It's simply hard, so hard
Simply hard but I gotta get back to your love, your love
I wish I could've simply say I'm sorry, baby ooooh
I wish you'd say you simply can't fall out of love with me
Then maybe we could move one (cause I really can't)
Move on (I gotta)
Get on (I gotta)
Get on with our hearts
With ours lives, cause they're simply too short
Without love
It's simply hard but I gotta get back to your love
I'm simply wrong, but I still wanna hold ya
It's simply hard, so hard
Simply hard but I gotta get back to your love, your love
Gotta rinse off here
I can't see your diamonds
I need a week paradise
I went god mode all year
I can't see so cloudy
Paradiso laundries
I keep the cheats on all year
Sometime in Heaven
You still behind like ancestor
All on your mood board all year
I went god mode about it
You ain't got no muscles, lil' nigga
I ain't in the mood for it all year
I keep the cheats on always
Wrong side of average
Now when you slide on me, you slide on me
You slide on or peace out on me, yeah, yeah
That's a free slide on me, first time's on me
Next time won't be, ohh, yeah, yeah
For your mentality
You play ball, you run 5 on 5 least three times a week
Glen Park down the street
Waitin' on you to tire, retire with victory
Play so savagely
Always fighting with them you grew up with
When you lose you don't cry but you lowkey sad to see
If we cut like some champions you'll redeem yourself
You'll sleep happily, uh-haha, smiling
I'm still working while you dream pop
I could never let a scene stop smilin' on me
I don't think they get the point pop
They forgettin' that it's me, akh
Akhi tell 'em I ain't gone, wallahi
I'm just all day running numbers
How the fuck you think I live?
Too many heads waitin' for my downfall
They're like "something's gotta give"
Boys in the building give me updates like they know the weather
If you ain't in the streets you can't see the sky, I'm out here
I could see the sky and it's paradise
On the regular
And when you slide on me, you slide on me
You slide on, ohh slide, yeah, yeah
Now when you slide on me, you slide on me
First time on me, ohh, yeah, yeah
This is for when you change your mind and slide back this way
This is for that night when setbacks won't let that much fade
Guess you can't blame the ones you choose
I'm afraid to say it
Don't wan't you to think I'm playing
My mistakes take the pretentiousness down like I’m standing naked in a crowd
And I'm sorry I know that I’m wrong, yeah, I’m wrong
If I could I'd go back I’m exposed give me back my clothes cause I just can’t take it
But look at you, loving a fool, making it easy
I guess its cool naked with you already seen me
Oh you got me so comfortable
Even when I’m wrong, comfortable
You don’t mind them flaws, you’ve already seen them all
Still got me feeling so comfortable
Feeling so comfortable
You keep on forgiving
Rewrote all my wrongs in pencil
When you stay it makes me forget that I’m down, now it’s all so simple
Til the end, even when, I look dumb like I do when I lie
Feels so good letting go, I’m exposed, you can have my clothes cause I’m not afraid
But look at you loving a fool, making it easy
I guess it’s cool, naked with you already seen me
Oh you got me so comfortable
Even when I’m wrong, comfortable
You don’t mind them flaws, you’ve already seen them all
Still got me feeling so comfortable
Feeling so comfortable
It don’t matter, it don’t matter no, you’ve seen it all before
It don’t matter, it don’t matter, you’ve seen it all before
It don’t matter, it don’t matter no, you’ve seen it all before
So comfortable, so comfortable, so comfortable
Oh you got me so comfortable
Even when I’m wrong, comfortable
You don’t mind them flaws, you’ve already seen them all
Still got me feeling so comfortable
Feeling so comfortable
Ayy, ayy, so now I'm—
So low that I can see under the skirt of an ant
So low that I don't get high no more
When I "Geronimo!," I just go "Heh"
Solo, my cup is a rojo, my cholo, my friend
So low that I can admit
When I hear that another kid is shot by the popo
It ain't an event no more
So low that no more high horses, so hard to wear Polo
When I do, I cut the pony off
Now there's a hole where there once was a logo, how fitting
So low that I can give a fuck about what is trending
Tryna cut down on my spending
Regardless of winning, instead of pretending
And bending over backwards
Over half of these hoes had work done
Sayin' they want something real from a man
Just saying it, we being real persons
I hate that it's like this, I feel for you, ant
I don't know what it's like with a skirt on
So pardon me if I am being insensitive
But darling, this only worsens
So low my halo stay way low, it feels like it's bent
So low that when they throw pussy or pesos
Don't pay no attention to it
So low that I am no rookie but feel like a kid
Lookin' at the other kids
With astonishment while I'm on punishment
Watchin' the summer come close to an end
After twenty years in, I'm so naïve I was under the impression
That everyone wrote they own verses
It's comin' back different and, yeah, that shit hurts me
I'm hummin' and whistlin' to those not deserving
I've stumbled and lived every word
Was I working just way too hard?
How many cars on the drive are actually yours?
You never go out for a ride, you keep them indoors
You got a big big mouth, a big big house
You're the king of cribs right now
A real big hit, no hard shit
I swear that won't change me one bit
Cause I wish I was someone else
Anybody else so maybe you might talk to me
Cause I wish I was not myself
Anybody else then maybe you might notice me
The world will still go on without you
The newspapers still talk about you
And if your ever low, pick up the phone
I'll be 'round, don't tell a soul
Cause I'm not you, you're bullet proof
I'm in a crowd and I can't move
Cause I wish I was someone else
Anybody else so maybe you might talk to me
Cause I wish I was not myself
Anybody else then maybe you might notice me
Let me in, let me in
Gimme the sunshine all year 'round
Lemme out, lemme out
Gimme it now, hear me out, hear me shout
Gimme the munchies , show me around
Lemme out, lemme out, gimme the reason
Gimme it now
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Gotta big big house, big big mouth
Big, big, house, big, big mouth
Big, big, house, big, big mouth
That's not helping me right now
Cause I wish I was someone else
Anybody else so maybe you might talk to me
Cause I wish I was not myself
Anybody else then maybe you might notice me
Cause I wish I was someone else
Anybody else so maybe you might talk to me
Cause I wish I was not myself
Anybody else then maybe you might notice me
Yeah, yeah, yeah
The best song wasn't the single, but you weren't either
Livin' in Ladera Heights, the black Beverly Hills
Domesticated paradise, palm trees and pools
The water's blue, swallow the pill
Keepin' it surreal, whatever you like
Whatever feels good, whatever takes your mountain high
Keepin' it surreal, not sugar-free
My TV ain't HD, that's too real
Grapevine, mango, peaches, and limes, the sweet life
The sweet life, sweet life
Sweet life, sweet life
The sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet life
Sweet life, the sweet life
Sweetie pie
You've had a landscaper and a house keeper since you were born
The starshine always kept you warm
So why see the world, when you got the beach?
Don't know why see the world, when you got the beach
The sweet life
The best song wasn't the single
But you couldn't turn your radio down
Satellite need a receiver, can't seem to turn the signal fully off
Transmitting the waves
You're catching that breeze 'til you're dead in the grave
But you're keepin' it surreal, whatever you like
Whatever feels good, whatever takes you mountain high
Keepin' it surreal
, 
not sugar-free
My TV ain't HD, that's too real
Grapevines, mango, peaches, and lime, a sweet life
A sweet life
A sweet life, yeah
A sweet life, a sweet life
A sweet life
Live and die in the life
You've had a landscaper and a house keeper since you were born (Yeah)
The starshine always kept you warm
So why see the world, when you got the beach?
Don't know why see the world, when you got the beach?
The sweet life
And the water is exactly what I wanted (Ah)
It's everything I thought it would be (Thought it would be)
But this neighborhood is gettin' trippier every day
The neighborhood is goin' ape shit crazy, ahh
You've had a landscaper and a house keeper since you were born
The starshine always kept you warm
So why see the world, when you got the beach?
Don't know why see the world, when you got the beach
The sweet life
That's a pretty big trunk on my Lincoln town car, ain't it?
Big enough to take these broken hearts and put 'em in it
Now I'm drivin' 'round on the boulevard, trunk bleedin'
And every time the cops pull me over, they don't ever see them
They never see them
And I've got this black suit on
Roamin' around like I'm ready for a funeral
Five more miles 'til the road runs out
I'm about to drive in the ocean
I'ma try to swim from somethin' bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
and swim good, and swim good
Take off this suit
and swim good, and swim good, good
Got some pretty good beats on this 808 CD, yeah
Memory seats I'm sittin' on stay heated
I woulda put tints on my windows but what's the difference?
If I feel like a Ghost, no Swayze
Ever since I lost my baby
I've had this black suit on
Roamin' around like I'm ready for a funeral
One more mile 'til the road runs out
I'm about to drive in the ocean
I'ma try to swim from somethin' bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
and swim good, and swim good
Take off this suit
and swim good, and swim good, good
I'm goin' off (Oh, my pretty love)
Don't try stopping me
I'm goin' off (Throw me a line)
Don't try saving (Broke my heart)
No flares (Broke my heart)
No vest (Drove my love)
And no fear
Waves are washin' me out
I'm about to drive in the ocean
I'ma try to swim from somethin' bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
and swim good, and swim good
Take off this suit
and swim good, and swim good, good
Don't die
Damn, you hungry
I mean, its cool, want some more?
I built us a little gingerbread house
You said you loved it, I baked you a little
Gingerbread Benz, and you said you dug it
I make stacks and stacks of cake in the bank, bank
You ate through 'em, you ate through 'em
You ate through 'em, yeah, yeah
Tell me how does that taste
Tell me how does that taste, oh
When I re-up, got you coming back
When I'm running out, you keep your bags packed
All the newest shit, and the Benz I baked you
Tell me something baby, baby, I can't blame you
When we first met, I know you told me that your taste was crazy
But sweety, you tell me now that your craving
Said that Gucci taste good, but Dior taste amazing, baby
We took chartered flights
All around to taste those malls that
You like most, said the jefe food taste like pink raspberry
Good credit, A1, just like that sauce
Said you liked Ruth's Chris way better
Lean back my seat, watch your head go down
Tell me how does that taste
Tell me how does that taste, oh
When I re-up, got you coming back
When I'm running out, you keep your bags packed
All the newest shit, and the Benz I baked you
Tell me something baby, baby, I can't blame you
When we first met, I know you told me that your taste was crazy
But sweety, you tell me now that your craving
Said that Gucci taste good, but Dior taste amazing, baby
Said that Gucci taste good, but Dior taste amazing
I know that your going to
Love me as long as your fed, you said
But I like you around
Just want to keep you here
I got to know girl, I ain't running out
I ain't running out
Baby, I can't blame you
When we first met, I know you told me that your taste was crazy
But sweetie, you tell me now that your craving
Said that Gucci taste good, but Dior taste amazing, baby
Said that Gucci taste good, but Dior taste amazing
Hey baby, I've noticed you eat your jewellery for break
Hey baby, noticed you eat your jewellery for break
Hey baby, noticed you eat your jewellery for breakfast
I swear, its crazy
A tornado flew around my room before you came
Excuse the mess it made, it usually doesn't rain
In southern California, much like Arizona
My eyes don't shed tears, but, boy, they bawl
When I'm thinkin' 'bout you
Ooh, no, no, no
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
You know, know, know
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
Do you think about me still?
Do ya, do ya?
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I been thinkin' 'bout forever
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I been thinkin' 'bout forever
No, I don't like you, I just thought you were cool
Enough to kick it
Got a beach house I could sell you in Idaho
Since you think I don't love you, I just thought you were cute
That's why I kiss you
Got a fighter jet, I don't get fly it, though
I'm lyin' down thinkin' 'bout you
Ooh, no, no, no
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
You know, know, know
I've been thinkin' 'bout you
Do you think about me still?
Do ya, do ya?
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I been thinkin' 'bout forever
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I been thinkin' 'bout forever
Yes, of course I remember, how could I forget?
How you feel?
And though you were my first time
A new feel
It won't ever get old, not in my soul
Not in my spirit, keep it alive
We'll go down this road
Till it turns from color to black and white
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I been thinkin' 'bout forever
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cause I been thinkin' 'bout forever
Rosie Watson introduces herself by saying her son inherited "the gift of the gab" from her. And she comes correct; within moments, a stream of stories, pearls of wisdom, life lessons and mottos flow freely, with a cadence and rhythm that's almost song-like. Born in Louisiana, raised in LA, she's the devoted mother of Frank's good friend Jonathan. Rosie refers to Frank (aka "Lonny") as her nephew, and is also called "Auntie" by the likes of Syd the Kid and Tyler the Creator.
"With Lonny," Rosie recalls, "he had that drive towards being successful. And certainly they spent enough time in Sydney's studio to make a lot good music together, and they did. I was a lot more worried about Tyler. I remember chasing him around the house saying 'Tyler, I think you're crazy, I think there's something seriously wrong with you.' And I remember Lonny was there and said, 'Auntie Rosie, let me get this clip!' I said, 'You better not!'" She laughs. "I had curlers all in my hair. And he wanted to get this on film!"
With a big heart and warm personality, Rosie's quick to take others on as her own, and give Frank the same maternal care and advice that Jonathan reaps, as heard on 'Not Just Money' and interlude on Channel Orange. she also has a particular flair for voicemails: She makes another guest appearance on the new album, with a voicemail that warns of flesh-eating bacteria that's roaming rampant on college campuses.
Sat in an IHOP where the waitress knows how she takes her coffee (extra hot for the first cup), Rosie comes here often to study, currently in graduate school for Psychology and Therapy. Though she can chat for days, she's an equally good listener, and an acute observer, the result of 27 years working as a probation/parole officer in Los Angeles. Dressed superfly, with a sharp sense of style (due to her daily routine she calls "prep before you primp") Rosie brings us into her world and tells it how it is.
Interviewer:
How did Frank and Jonathan meet?
Rosie:
 They met through Eddie and Raymond, they are also my nephews. And then Jonathan introduced Lonny to Sydney. That's how they came together, musically and creatively. They would meet at Sydney's house in high school, and they would compose music. And they just loved it; they just had a wonderful time. And I stayed on Lonny: "Lonny, get my son home by curfew!" I made him five me his cell phone number, and I would fuss at him. I kept him running for sure.
Interviewer:
Your voicemails are stuff of legends. What do you love about leaving people messages?
Rosie:
 I think when you call someone, you should leave a voicemail for them. But with my son, I do leave voicemails for him, I'll often leave inspirational voicemails. Sometimes I leave nasty voicemails too! And I'll leave nasty voicemails for Lonny too, when the timing is right! I want them to always remember to just be themselves, they don't have to be the type of man described in a rap song. They don't have to be balling, they don't have to be ballers, they don't have to be shot callers. I leave voicemails for my son in particular because I want my son to remain optimistic. I want him to know that his mother has his back, no matter what. I want Lonny to also know that Auntie Rosie is here for him.
Interviewer:
What's the last advice you gave to Frank?
Rosie:
 When I last saw him, he came by the house, and he was in this beautiful...Porsche I think it was? Sedan? It was gorgeous. And I said, 'Remember in life, you have to have both swagger and sway. With swagger alone, you're convincing yourself that you have something that you really may not have, and that others don't see in you. sway is knowing what to do with that swagger. Sway is influence. It's persuasion, and I shortened it to sway. You have to believe in yourself, but you also have to impart that confidence in such a away that you convince other people to believe in you, and take a chance on you. In life you've got to have both swagger and sway. Remember that.' He laughed and said, 'Okay Auntie, I'll remember that.' And I said, 'By the way I am going to trademark that statement! It's a Rosie original.'
Interviewer:
Are you into cars as well?
Rosie:
 I really do love cars. I drive a 2006 Chevy HHR, and I love that little care. That's the longest I've ever kept a car. Normally I would keep a car for only two years, because I love different cars. Although now I have a KIA Optima, which I'd bought for my son to drive when he was in college. KIA and Hyundai are sister companies, and I find they make very good vehicles. As a matter of fact, the car that Rodney King, black in 1992, outran the police in was a Hyundai. Imagine - this funny looking black man, in this this funny sounding car, outruns the police. You know that made them angry! So even then in 92, the Hyundai was a very good car. It was very fast. I love cars. I have to wash and vacuum my car every week, because somehow I see the car as an extension of me. They seem to drive better when they're clean! There was a commercial - I believe it was for Cadillac - and it said "when you turn your car on it should do the same for you." I also owned a Cadillac, an Escalade, several years ago. And my motto was: "When you in a Cadillac, you know where you in a Cadillac, you know where you're at." They're wonderful cars.
Interviewer:
What was your favorite ever car?
Rosie:
 I would say my Chevy Camero. I was younger of course, it was red, it was fast. Of course I appreciate the Pinto that my mother made my sister hand down to me, I think it was a '74 Pinto. But the Camero was the car that I bought for myself; it was my first brand new car. And it lasted: I had over 100,000 miles on that car.
Interviewer:
What are your thoughts on social media and the younger generation?
Rosie:
 I do believe that they are, in many ways, in a good place. I believe that social media is a medium by which they do communicate with one another, and also become activists in many ways. It truly is an opportunity for activism. However I also do believe that it can also be very destructive in the sense that it can derail their focus. Forms of social media are potentially very addictive. And they can consume too much of your time to the point that you are too concerned with what other people think about you. I do believe that people that use it have to know how to use it, and hot to limit its  use.
Sometimes I'd hear my son laughing in his room, so I'd walk in his room and say, "What's so funny? What are you laughing about?" And he would say, "Mom, I'm talking to my friends." And I'd say, "You're not talking to your friends, you are typing to them." I would go and get the house phone and bring it to him and say, "Here. Call them. Hear their voices." I also told him this: "Do not ever ask a girl for a date through text." If a guy ever asked me for a date on a text, I would probably text back something very unkind, with an exclamation point!
Interviewer:
Do you use social media yourself?
Rosie:
 I don't know how to Tweet. No, let me say this - I sent a tweet  a couple of years ago, maybe a year and a half ago, to MC Hammer. Somehow I got a tweet from MC Hammer, and I tweeted back to him somehow in my reply! That was my one and only time. He had been arrested by the police - it was profiling. I said to MC Hammer, "Remember this. The lesson that's to be learned is the police officer's lesson to learn. It is his lesson to learn that not all black men are thugs, and that you can't judge a book by its cover." Actually there's one thing I'd like to be able to use social media for! With Micheal Brown having been killed in Ferguson Missouri, there's one tweet I would love to send out. I believe that this jury is not going to come back with an indictment of Darren Wilson. I believe that so much time is elapsing now over this entire case, I believe there's a lot of corruption going on in the investigation of this case. One Tweet I would like to hear the crowd shout out is: "We know about the wait, they're getting their lives straight!" I would love to have someone tweet it for me and say, "Auntie Rosie said that you all need to shout this out!" I believe that they are delaying the investigation of this case because they're getting the stories straight. So - we know about the wait, they're getting their lies straight. Although I'm a peace officer myself, I believe that we have to respect people, we have to be respectful to their rights, we cannot become so intoxicated with our own power that we in fact think that we own the world and we run it, and everyone else is just a guest. We have to stay in our place too; we have to stay in our lane.
Interviewer:
What's some advice you'd give someone reading this magazine>
Rosie:
 Don't confuse stability with stagnation. In life you want to move towards stability. The stability is what you want in your family life, it's what you want in your job and career. Don't look for excitement in everything you do; we have to be able to live and contend with boredom. But that doesn't mean that you're stagnated. Remain inspired throughout life, curious, moving forward. We should not be afraid to risk, to take a risk. We should have courage.
Interviewer:
What's the best advice someone gave you?
Rosie:
 I remember the encouraging words of my mother, who would always say - the sky is the limit. Her life was certainly not an easy life, being a black woman coming from the south. She raised five children on her own because my father also passed away, when I was a little girl. So my mother raised five children on her own, cooking and cleaning houses for other people. She did not have a formal education but she was one of the smartest people I knew. She was very bright, Very intelligent, and she always imparted optimism in us to do our very best.
Interviewer:
 What's important to you, in becoming a therapist/psychologist?
Rosie:
 As a therapist, and as a clinical psychologist, we are the agents of change. I believe that we should never give up on life. We certainly are all interconnected in life, and we all need each other, regardless of our race, creed, color, regardless of our nationality. My life - and how I interact with people - is not a zero sum game, in the sense that my gains are not your losses, my losses are not your gains. I feel that my gains can help you win, and your gains can help me win. And so we all need help from one another.
NO BETTER THAN THE NEXT MAN
, JUST DOING A DIFFERENT THING WITH MY TIME. GOT TO. I WANNA WRITE A NOVEL ABOUT TWINS, 
SOME TYPE OF NATURE VERSUS NURTURE TALE..
I'VE SAID THAT TO A NEIGHBOR BEFORE. IT'S AN OPEN ENDED IDEA.
I WANT TO START A CAR CLUB.
I'm PLAYING WITH TWO NAMES FOR IT. I SKETCHED A LOGO FOR IT. IT'S NOT THERE YET.
I WAS GOING TO BUILD AN ARCADE.
THE MORE I LIVED WITH THAT IDEA.. THE LESS IT STUCK. IT'S MORPHING. SORT OF LIKE MY POTENTIAL RELOCATION TO NYC
OR TOKYO
 OR SOME PLACE VERY FAR FROM THE COASTS OF CALIFORNIA. I WAS FALLING FOR SOMEONE NEW, IF I ALREADY HADN'T. IT WAS INCREDIBLE. IT WAS RIDICULOUSLY AWESOME. IT CAME AND WENT AND MAIMED US A LITTLE. 
NOT MUCH. I'VE POSSIBLY LOST ALL RELIGION
, I'VE SUNKEN INTO PASSIVITY IN CERTAIN AREAS OF MY LIFE.. ALL WHILE BEING THE HONEST OPPOSITE IN OTHERS. THE NUMBER ONE RULE IN RELATIONSHIPS, FROM WHAT I HEAR, IS TO NEVER JUST LEAVE. I FLEW AROUND THE WORLD IN 2012. HAD A SPECIAL TIME. 
I HAD BRUNCH AT THE ROOFTOP RESTAURANT FROM 'LOST IN TRANSLATION'. LIKE 9 TIMES.
I FOUND ABSOLUTE SILENCE IN A MEDITATION SESSION IN THAT HOUSE IN THE HILLS.
I HAVE A DOG WHO MISSES ME. HE'S SO BIG NOW.
 DAMN. HE KNOWS ABOUT AS MUCH AS ME, AS TO WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON. I HAVE TO WRITE A SONG FOR SOMEONE NOW BECAUSE THEY PAID FOR MY TICKET AND MY HOTEL, AND I LET THEM. OH, I EAT STEAKS AGAIN NOW. IT'S BEEN 10 YEARS. ALL I REALLY HAVE TO SAY IS THAT LOVE IS ALL THERE IS. EVERY OTHER SENTENCE JUST BELABORS THE POINT. MAYBE NOT IN A BORING WAY, I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'm SAYING. 
I SAT IN THE STUDIO DAYS AGO WITH JIGGAMAN AND PHARRELL
.
PHARRELL LOOKS 19.
THEY SEEMED LIKE OLD FRIENDS. I WONDER HOW MANY TROPHIES ARE LODGED IN THEIR MINDS. I WONDER WHY THEY STILL BUILD. I BUILD THINGS FOR THE SPORT AND THE THERAPEUTIC BENEFITS. FOR IMMORTALITY BIIIITCH.
I SAY IMMORTALITY IN JEST, BECAUSE WE ALL KNOW ONE THING FOR CERTAIN. HOLY FUCK, I DON'T WANNA WRITE ABOUT THAT RIGHT NOW.
IT'S HARD TO ASCERTAIN WHAT'S HAPPENED IN MY LIFE THE LAST COUPLE YEARS. I SUPPOSE THIS IS WHAT GOING THROUGH THINGS FEELS LIKE. THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS TO YOUTH. I CAN'T IMAGINE A DECADE FROM NOW. HOW I'LL FEEL ABOUT IT ALL.
OREOS DON'T WORK WITH ALMOND MILK LIKE REGULAR MILK. THAT JUST CAME TO MIND. NOT SURE WHY. NO MATTER.
I'm WORKING ON A LOT OF MUSIC. I'm GONNA GET BACK TO THAT NOW.
GOOD NIGHT MOON.
Just a, just a, just a dream
Just a, just a, just a dream
Just a, just a dream
From my Lou's I'm seeing colors
Turquoise, ocean green, hurricane silver, yeah
I'm falling, down a well
Wish you were the water there
Just like a sun without a flame
Fell asleep without a dream
I saw the light fade
I let it drift away
I'm in that air and it's hard to breathe
Gravity won't hold my feet
(How'd I let my love breathe?)
I saw my life flash by the very minute
Saw my lightning, click, click, click
In a little glass bottle
Said I saw my life flash by that very instant
Saw my lighting, click, click, click
In a little glass bottle
Got to save, save me
I know you see me fall
I know you've come to die
Save, save me
My love is in the glass
My life is in that bottle
Wake up (just tell me that's it's all in my head)
Wake up (remind me that you're still in my bed)
Wake up (the thought of sleeping in my arms again)
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up
I'm in Emerald City, looking for Wizard Oz
Maybe he could tell me the way
To your heart again
I click my J's three times wishing she would've stayed
And then I thought I put her on a plane
Found a diamond for your ring
The crows on Saturn, then I'm back in L.A
I woke up, she ain't there
Levitating off the mattress
Baby where you at?
I said, oh, baby where you at?
I saw my life flash by the very minute
Saw my lightning, click, click, click
In a little glass bottle
Said I saw my life flash by that very instant
Saw my lighting, click, click, click
In a little glass bottle
Got to save, save me
I know you see me fall
I know you've come to die
Save, save me
My love is in the glass
My life is in that bottle
Wake up (just tell me that's it's all in my head)
Wake up (remind me that you're still in my bed)
Wake up (the thought of sleeping in my arms again)
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up
Wake up
It’s just a dream, that’s all our love is
It's just a dream
(It's just a dream)
(My love is in that bottle)
(Save, save me)
They treat you rough out there
But we've got Alcantara everywhere
Ferrari
Bad luck to talk on these rides
Mine on the road
Your dilated eyes
Watch the clouds float
White Ferrari
Had a good time
I let you out at Central
I didn't care to state the plain
Kept my mouth closed
We're so familiar
White Ferrari
Good times
I care for you still
And I will
Forever
That was my part of the deal
Honest
We got so familiar
Spending each day of the year
White Ferrari
Good times
(In this life)
You love me still and you will forever
You got that part of the deal
We got so familiar
Running my hands thru your hair
White Ferrari
Had a good time
(in this life)
One too many years
Some tattooed eyelids
On a facelift
Mind over matter is magic, I do magic
If you think about it it'll be over in no time
And that's life
I'll drop you off and in a few months
We'll talk again
When you need a break
Which part of the circle will you stand on
You keep doing the dance wrong
I'm sure we're taller in other dimension
You say we're small and not worth the mention
You're tired of moving
Your body's aching
We should vacay, there's places to go
Clearly this isn't all that there is
Can't take what's been given
But we're okay here, we're doing fine
Primal and naked
You dream of walls that hold us in prison
It's just a skull
Least that's what they call it
And we're free to roam
Like a mirage
Always one step ahead
Where we belong
I've got a son somewhere
He'll be picking up where I left off
I might name that boy Ferrari
He'll meet a girl named Altashonda
He'll treat her soft like Alcantara
My brain is soft like Alcantara
My hands are rough, I'm iguana
Your hair is long, are you Nicaraguan?
I can't go soft, I'm Viagran
You want it all
You're always one step ahead
Where you belong